Add ubuntu:22.04 docker images (#1618)
carbon-language/carbon-lang: docker/README.md

> # Docker

Reviewer: Just to note, prettier will probably want to reformat this (blank lines between instructions would help me a lot, and prettier should add that). I don't know why pre-commit is hung on this PR, but it's been long enough that I don't know how to investigate.

Author: Yea no problem at all as I have been busy myself.
I can try fixing it on the next commit.

Author: Did you proceed with using apt instead of homebrew? Just now getting back into this topic.

Reviewer: Yes, and looks like you found the devcontainer file

<!--
Part of the Carbon Language project, under the Apache License v2.0 with LLVM
Exceptions. See /LICENSE for license information.
SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0 WITH LLVM-exception
-->

> - ubuntu:20.04

Reviewer: Maybe remove this line, or just the `-`? It seems out of place.

Author: Yea it does, removing it.

# Docker

<!--
Part of the Carbon Language project, under the Apache License v2.0 with LLVM
Exceptions. See /LICENSE for license information.
SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0 WITH LLVM-exception
-->

ubuntu:22.04

## Build and run image

### Build

Building the base image is required.

```
docker build -t carbon-ubuntu2204-base ./ubuntu2204/base
```

Build image using git repository

```bash
docker build -t carbon ./ubuntu2204/github
```

Build image using copy instruction

```bash
docker build -f ./ubuntu2204/Dockerfile -t carbon ..
```

Run image

```bash
docker run carbon
```

Run image using specific file

```bash
docker run carbon bazel run //explorer -- ./explorer/testdata/print/format_only.carbon
```

> ### Using Volume

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using a mounted volume
```

```bash

> docker run -w /carbon-lang -v /path/to/carbon-lang:/carbon-lang carbon-ubuntu2004-base bazel run //explorer -- ./explorer/testdata/print/format_only.carbon

Reviewer: It's a bit odd how you have this command, then all the others below. What do you think of doing something like:

```suggestion
# Run from the repository root for PWD.
cd ..
docker run -w /carbon-lang -v ${PWD}:/carbon-lang carbon-ubuntu2004-base bazel run //explorer -- ./explorer/testdata/print/format_only.carbon
```

That command should work for both bash and powershell. There's a bit of skew between `carbon` below and `carbon-ubuntu2004-base` here, but I feel like `base` is maybe a better choice since it's replacing /carbon-lang?

(note, I suggest also removing the commands below if you go this route, but github suggestions don't handle code blocks well)

Author: Yea I agree that they are a bit odd and should be cleand up, initially I left them for convenience.
I updated the commands and applied the suggestion.

The carbon example has the whole explorer already built during the build stages of the docker file while the base image does build the explorer only during runtime of the container.
For this example it might make more sense to just use the base image like you suggested (requires less steps also).
